Update Deta information (#787)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/comparison.md

| ---------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Deta                   | Free       | No paid plans yet                                                                                          | No specific limits                                                                      | ✅                                                                                                      | ✅                                             | ✅                                                | Deno is supported by a [custom application](https://deta.space/docs/en/quickstart-guides/custom) ([example](https://github.com/deta/starters/tree/main/deno-app)). |

Reviewer: 404
```suggestion
| Deta                   | Free       | No paid plans yet                                                                                          | No specific limits                                                                      | ✅                                                                                                      | ✅                                             | ✅                                                | Deno is supported by a [custom application](https://deta.space/docs/en/build/quick-starts/custom) ([example](https://github.com/deta/starters/tree/main/deno-app)). |
```
